Tianlong, court subpoena?
Son
The only lifeblood of my heavenly family
It is also a betrayal of Ruyi for more than ten years
What should mom do in the future?
Why are you here?
Don't touch me. I'm filthy
Hello
Miss Gu
Do you know that Jiaming is you, shut up for me
Auntie, I said are you crazy?
You don't even look at yourself
All dirty
Still living in this civilian
How dare you speak
He's going to jail.
I beg you to help him
He brought it upon himself.
Why don't you talk nonsense?
Miss Gu
I never meant to implicate you
13 years ago, I sent you to a wealthy family
I have also kept my distance from you for the past 13 years
Even Garmin was put on trial.
I didn't ask him to confess you either.
Wow this is dirty
Auntie, if you really want to, lick Jiaming
I should help you
Instead of trying to put me in the water together
What!
What do you want me to do for you?